what's up daily crew I was watching the
news and kind of looking at Twitter and
saw some disturbing things a Malaysian
Airlines flight between amsterdam and
kuala lumpur crashed in the Ukraine
today and this happens in the same week
where a Russian fighter shot down a
Ukrainian jet over Ukrainian airspace
from what I'm reading now initial
reports say there's a possibility that
it was a missile strike but that's with
very little evidence what I'm wondering
is is the why would this happen why
would it why would they shoot down a
Malaysian flight it was a commercial
flight flying over 30,000 feet there's
no way that it could have been mistaken
for a jet I mean this crash on top of
Malaysian flight 370 disappearing what
is going on here i'm not a huge
conspiracy theorist but when two very
odd things happen two flights within the
same airline within a very close time
proximity to each other it just makes me
think with all the technology that we
have how to flight 370 just disappear
and why is nobody talking about it
anymore did we forget that an entire
airplane just disappeared and now a
plane's getting shot down this kind of
feels like foul play but in the end what
can we really do about it the only
theory that I have been able to come up
with outside of it's just a coincidence
is somebody it feels like somebody's
experimenting with weapons perhaps but
who and why and why on commercial
airlines and why the same airline is it
terrorists or is it just a coincidence
my thoughts go out to all those who are
affected by this crash and I really hope
they figure out why it happened and
figure out a way to prevent something
like this from happening again telling
the comments guys do you feel like it's
a coincidence or do you think it's foul
play yesterday I talked about sex and
sexuality in European countries
discussing it if you want to see that
video click here and make sure the
subscribe button except post videos
every single day thumbs up because kiss
sent a favorite equals a hug so hugs and
kisses and I'll see y'all tomorrow baby
visual oh do what are you doing
put on some clothes and up until that
point he didn't realize that that was
something he had to be worried about and
from that point on